now the video will tell you how fast
make money fed online but if you
want to immediately and a lot of things I present to you
own team to pump your
character low prices a lot of bonuses
convenient package link to my group
will be in the description of the video
Hello dear friends with you a bunch
Good shook my channel and today I
I wanted to show you a mini salon only for
novice players to this again on
next-gen version of gta 5 if you play
At the post version tried for you not
work so immediately ask you turn off
you video not to be in
comments that I supposedly gave up a pass
gene version and also who came here to
see some super mega only
some can earn it
Huge money, this thing is also not
for you as I said at the beginning I saw
what is this thing for newbies gta5
so for what danwich did us
need to buy a karen roar which costs
only 3 thousand dollars I advise you
buy a few pieces of angler to
repeat this only a few times in a row
and after that when you bought the anglers
Sit it is on it in Los Santos
custom drive as you see ordinary
whether the cost was without tuning and other
pumping costs 1800 dollars but if we
take advantage of certain gods in on of gene
versions of gta 5 are we then in horn and
having bought myself klaxons who for truck
and the most minimal which costs less
total second son of that is two thousand
truck class dollars and buy
him again go to the car sale and
to lead the fact that your price of fish has risen in
several times and now it stands now
fish costs 9000 300 dollars and that is
by doing so you did somewhere on this
buck 5000 dollars now you can
call the mechanic call another one
he does the work only once more that is
this tick can do without thresholds 45
minutes you can sell fish
as many times as you like there is one
mercy what
a mechanic delivers you were not there 1 of 5
minutes by the floor.
speaking of can fulfill orders of machines not
every time you give in this one
wait a bit so the mechanic can get you
get a car and sell fish again
At the beginning of the video, I warned you that
this uglich you can not earn
huge money but I think what if
you're new to the gta 5 gene for
order to buy the same ponte using
which can do things different
further to pump it into the review
need money and money on can
to earn from such small ones
small crap generally hope you
enjoy this video you put
thumb up sign up again
my channel also join my group
In contact, I recently opened
a friend to level up your characters in gta
online in general, all are important their will be
description of this video is all about it
good luck everyone bye